This chapter discussed making a syntax analyzer that parses Jack programs following the
Jack grammer. Due to this the user can write the analyzer in whatever language they want
so I decided to link a few examples of different peoples solutions so that we could see 
the variety of ways someone may go about doing this and the possible issue they may run 
into when creating the anaylzer. 

Links to a few colections of project 10 solution repos.

Python: https://github.com/kmanzana/nand2tetris/tree/master/projects/10
Java:   https://github.com/xctom/Nand2Tetris/tree/master/projects/10
Python: https://github.com/kronosapiens/nand2tetris/blob/master/projects/10

The project is done in 2 parts the first is the tokenizer and the second is the parser.

The tokenizer is a essentially just a program written to look for the very
specific order/set of characters that is expected when using a Jack program. The order/set
is determined by the Jack grammer, this provides the overall syntax that the Jack language
requires inorder for the computer to be able to understand what the program is doing.The 
Tokeneizer we are expected to write reads the file and provides an output file containing
each token and its classification each on their own line.  The generated file is then 
compared with the provided compare file using the provided textcomparer to make sure our 
tokenizer is recognizing the grammer correctly

the parser takes in the output xml file the was generated by the tokenizer and makes its
parsed structure into an Output file/stream, this is done because the parser runs "on-line"
meaning it parses as it reads and doesnt keep the program in memory.


This description is how I understood the overall functionality and such. If there is anything
wrong please make a comment describing the issue and the correction please. Thank You